- [Frank] If you are building a platform today,
Kubernetes is most likely your runtime of choice.
Kubernetes is a wonderful platform,
but operations and repeated actions on those clusters
can sometimes be tedious,
especially when you're dealing with hundreds of clusters.
This course is an introduction into the operator pattern,
and provides the basics of implementing your own operator.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I'm an engineering leader, cloud native developer,
and constant student.
I have been working with cloud native platforms
for many years now,
both as a development runtime for enterprise systems,
as well as building global systems
running on Kubernetes.
Operators have saved me countless hours,
and I'm excited to share the power of them with you.
Let's get ready for an educational journey
through the Kubernetes operator pattern.